all right yeah well then we'll get
started
welcome to the 2018 ipfs developer
meeting which is our first
community-wide developer meeting or you
could say it's our second there was a
small workshop in 2016 and Lisbon where
I believe there were 30 people and so
the other than that we haven't had any
large community-wide events until today
so this is very exciting and my name is
Matt Zumwalt for those who don't know me
and I'll be a little bit like the emcee
for for the day and so to begin with I
want to invite everyone and remind
everyone to think of about creating the
culture you want to experience here
because we're creating something new and
we're building a new community your
actions have a huge impact on the future
your future experience in this community
and also has a huge impact on everyone
else who'll be encountering this so so
think about what kind of culture you
want to be part of and think about what
you can do to create create that some
things to consider just be kind to each
other make an effort to include people
in conversations and activities share
your knowledge liberally but also listen
and make opportunities for everyone to
be heard and then celebrate people
strengths and then as a continuation of
that we also want to make sure that
we're providing everyone with a safe
space here at this event and so just a
reminder that we do have a code of
conduct it's the same code of conduct
that that we have with the ipfs
community as a whole so short version
will be respectful if if something if a
violation of this code of conduct occurs
reach out and and we expect everyone to
read this code of conduct so I'm not
going to read it for you now should read
it if you have questions raise questions
now because this is an in-person event
we also have duty officers which means
we have two people at any time during
this whole week at any time there will
be two people who you can reach out
- if something occurs that you want to
report and those people are here to help
you to make sure that you have the
channels to report anything that's
that's occurred and to make sure you
have the things you need in order to be
safe and taken care of so the way we're
marking who the duty officers are they
have pink lanyards better zebra stripes
so Schuyler and it's Jeremy up here so
today Schuyler and Jeremy are the duty
officers if you have questions about
what duty officers are you could talk to
me you could talk to the duty officers
and each morning we'll announce who the
duty officers are for the day Wi-Fi is
posted pretty liberally over around the
space so there's the signs all around
here the bathrooms are sort of out here
and to the left at the far end of that
Lobby they're sort of very discretely
labeled the men's is on the right the
women's is on the left and we oh we were
gonna make gender-neutral bathrooms and
so we need to do that all right
IRC so we've said in a pub an IRC
channel for people to communicate with
each other so join that chatter away
that's ipfs events there's also the
email mailing list that you should have
all gotten an invitation to use that to
reach if you want to make send a message
that reaches everyone who's here at the
event and will especially also use that
for if your reporting out from sessions
you can email to there so quick overview
of the schedule this morning we are
opening up here your with your with me
with a couple of exercises until 11
o'clock then one will do keynote speech
in here with an ask me anything
what open-ended anyone can ask any
questions and then we have three main
formats that we're using this week there
there are sessions that are lightning
talks which are rapid-fire people giving
five minute updates about their about
their projects and then we have deep
dive sessions which is people working in
small groups to go deep on some
technical topic and tease it open and
create some sort of some sort of RFC or
forward progress around that to
Nicoll topic is also poster making
sessions while you'll work in very small
groups twos and threes to gather
relevant information and basically
create documentation around the many
different concepts and technical topics
we work with and then the final format
that we've used as a default is just
hack time so hack time where people can
pair up and do pair programming so we've
set up the schedule for for the week to
have a little mix of all those things I
prefer the grid view so today consists
of now with an exercise wands keynote
and then we'll do some lightning talks
then we'll have lunch and an important
thing that we'll come back to is it
after an hour of lunch so at two o'clock
we got to reconvene in the lobby to
choose what posters you're going to work
on so to choose which which group you're
going to work with to do posters then
we'll have an hour and a half of poster
making a break and then an hour and a
half of a mix of either continuing to
make posters or a number of other
sessions and then at the end of the day
everyone will report back about what
happened in their sessions this evening
we have an event at barb event so drinks
at Barbra bet that's not serving dinner
so you should grab dinner before you
come to the event or plan to get dinner
after the after the event and then
tomorrow has a similar structure we'll
gather will have some lightning talks
and then we'll go into pair programming
for a while we'll have lunch and then
we'll do some deep deep dive technical
design sessions and then we'll report
back and then that's where we switch to
the alternate mode so day three will be
a non conference so at the end of
tomorrow everyone will have an
opportunity to pitch any sessions that
they want to spend time on on Wednesday
and then after we've all pitched all the
sessions we will all vote on which
sessions we want to happen and that's
what we'll get scheduled for for day
three for Wednesday